feat: fcc-todo-app (#51367)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-localstorage-by-building-a-todo/64fae068bcdc9c805bd8399e.md

---
id: 64fae068bcdc9c805bd8399e
title: Step 35
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-35
---

# --description--

> Now you should work on the edit and delete buttons for each task. Start by adding an `onclick` attribute to both buttons. Let the value of the `onclick` attribute be `editTask(this)` for the `Edit` button and `deleteTask(this)` for the `Delete` button. `editTask(this)` would handle editing and `deleteTask(this)` would handle deleting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable editing and deleting for each task, add an `onclick` attribute to both buttons. Set the value of the `onclick` attribute to `editTask(this)` for the `Edit` button and `deleteTask(this)` for the `Delete` button. The `editTask(this)` function will handle editing, while the `deleteTask(this)` function will handle deletion.
```
